I didn't lie to you.
Sister-in-law's sequence diagram
Even a scrap can sell for a lot of money
I really want to live a good life with you.
Even betraying a brother with a reputation for theft
Parents are not worth it
Chen Weixing, you liar
You heartless man
You even came to harm me with them, didn't you?
Ange, I owe you money.
Put this trick
Ange Ange
Look in my heart
Play with our brothers
Without him this time
For the sake of not making a big mistake this time
I'm not allowed to take a break
But Tao Huimei, you never change
If you let him go this time
He will inevitably make bigger mistakes in the future
Abang Bao Public Security
Along with his last crime of stealing money
Treat me clearly
Don't be safe brother
I beg you
Please let me go.
Satellite brother, I beg you, please help me talk
I'm your wife.
You come with the old iron and go
Don't let me go
Chen Weixing, you bastard
Xumin An Jiangli
I hate you.
You don't have to die